ChainBridge documentation (#24)
0xPolygon/polygon-sdk-docs: docs/chainbridge/setup/roles-in-bridge.md

---
id: roles-in-bridge
title: Roles in Bridge
---

## Admin Role

> Some operations will be called by only admin role account. By default, the deployer of Bridge contract has `admin` role. To grant admin to an account or remove the role, you can do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain actions can only be performed by the admin role account. By default, the deployer of the Bridge contract has the `admin` role. To grant the admin role to another account or to remove it, you can do the following:
```

Author: Fixed at 5756c760532fdfa7da42c47aad4dc893d1e4074e
